Add links to mOTLP doc (#1771)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/get-started/quickstart-elastic-cloud-otel-endpoint.md

# Quickstart: Send data to the Elastic Cloud Managed OTLP Endpoint

> In this quickstart guide, you'll learn how to use the [Elastic Cloud Managed OTLP Endpoint](opentelemetry://reference/motlp.md) to send logs, metrics, and traces to Elastic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this quickstart guide, you'll learn how to use the [{{ecloud}} Managed OTLP Endpoint](opentelemetry://reference/motlp.md) to send logs, metrics, and traces to Elastic.
```

::::{warning}
This functionality is in technical preview and may be changed or removed in a future release. Elastic will work to fix any issues, but features in technical preview are not subject to the support SLA of official GA features.
::::

## Prerequisites

* An {{obs-serverless}} project. To learn more, refer to [create an Observability project](/solutions/observability/get-started/create-an-observability-project.md).
* A system forwarding logs, metrics, or traces in OTLP (any EDOT Collector or SDK—EDOT or community).

### Limitations

> * The Elastic Cloud Managed OTLP Endpoint only supports histograms with delta temporality. Cumulative histograms are dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {{ecloud}} Managed OTLP Endpoint only supports histograms with delta temporality. Cumulative histograms are dropped.
```
